I was born in 1970, outskirts of Moscow1
Went wild since I was in diapers
I swore too much at the age of 4
Saw girl's c*nt for the first time in the kindergarten
And later on in the school with a crappy uniform2, fights and glue3
The things that made me stronger
I used to steal cash from the dressing rooms4
I took up smoking at the age of 8
And got laid for the first time at 11
Then I bailed on parents
Began to hang out at the dump
Boots and a military jacket
Brezhnev died5, I began lifting at the gym,
Bought boxing gloves, which
Were stolen at school. Didn't work too well for Vitjok and Kolja
Floor, the blood stains, got filed a case
Had burgled a makeshift barrack at night, got props, time flows...
Dodged military due to kidney disease6, got drunk and rough up a cop
Then moved to the chick's place in Kuryanovo
With my fellows we began to rob the cooperators
On Rizhskaya, killed a gypsy woman, that's how it ended up.
I found myself on the federal wanted list, bought a car
Got hooked on meth
Just Butyrka helped, thanks to Kerya.
The court a year later, the sentence, 15 years
The north, midge, prison settlement11, fierce faces
I'm a loose cannon, escaped the courtroom with some goof
We fled to the forest, I'm eating his meat, the freight, hitchhiking...
Moscow, lay down low
New passport, new job, new car
Addressing issues, lots of cocaine
I got married, backing the banks, settled down in the mansion on Taganka
My son was born, my mother died, I went on Cuba on vacation for a half a year...

Rum, cocaine, I'm tired of sex with mulattos
The plane to Moscow, meeting in Sheremetyevo, I was captured
I didn't have time to feed the pigeons, they began to bother asking where the money was
They remembered the changed passport, got the old folders
It became immediately clear this passenger is dangerous, I was taken to a country house
They Shut me in the basement like in a grave, keep clamoring for the general funds, what a f*ckers
All our guys were killed, but I continued to deny. And once
Their boss and some random f*ggot came in, got the guns
Took off their jackets15, "didn't you change your mind", they asked me, I said "no, guys, I did not"
I remembered the evening by the river, barbecue, blowjob from Anka,
My pals and beer; "damn, what a good time we had back then!"
A pair of guns looked in my direction
Just like the mother's eyes during her funeral...
F*cking hell, what a great time I had in Havana:
Sunsets, shorts, palm trees, by the time they already unlocked the fuse
I remembered the son, boxing gloves, a guardian angel ...
The first bullet hit the arm, f*ck, so painful...
Second bullet hit in cheek, what a cockeyed c*nt
I spit out 3 teeth on the concrete
Further on the bullets hit the leg and the stomach, guys got their jackets
Talking their sh*t, they forgot about me
The blood filled my mouth, so that's it, it's over...
